Bug/document   allow destructive graphql schema updates (#4138)
aws-amplify/docs: src/pages/cli/graphql/overview.mdx

The result output should indicate to you that the record was successfully deleted!

## Update schema

> If you want to update your API, open your project's `backend/api/~apiname~/schema.graphql` file (NOT the one in the `backend/api/~apiname~/build` folder) and edit it in your favorite code editor. You can compile the `backend/api/~apiname~/schema.graphql` by running:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to update your API, open your project's `amplify/backend/api/<api-name>/schema.graphql` file (NOT the one in the `amplify/backend/api/<api-name>/build` folder) and edit it in your favorite code editor. You can compile the `amplify/backend/api/<api-name>/schema.graphql` file by running:
```

Reviewer: ^ this is minor but since we're here https://github.com/aws-amplify/docs/issues/4137

```bash
amplify api gql-compile
```

and view the compiled schema output in `backend/api/~apiname~/build/schema.graphql`.

You can then push updated changes with:

```bash
amplify push
```

The following schema updates require replacement of the underlying DynamoDB table:
1. Removing or renaming a model

> 2. Modifying the [primary key](/cli/graphql-transformer/key) of a model

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Modifying the [primary key](/cli/graphql/data-modeling/#configure-a-primary-key) of a model
```
